wolfHSM Manual (migration from wolfHSM-docs to wolfssl/documentation) (#131)
wolfSSL/documentation: wolfHSM/src/chapter03.md

```c
#include <string.h> /* for memcmp() */
#include "wolfhsm/client.h"  /* Client API (includes comm config) */
#include "port/posix_transport_tcp.h" /* transport implementation */

/* Step 1: Allocate and initialize the posix TCP transport configuration */
/* Client configuration/contexts */
whTransportClientCb posixTransportTcpCb = {PTT_CLIENT_CB};
posixTransportTcpClientContext posixTranportTcpCtx = {0};
posixTransportTcpConfig posixTransportTcpCfg = {
    /* IP and port configuration */
};

/* Step 2: Allocate client comm configuration and bind to the transport */
/* Configure the client comms to use the selected transport configuration */
whCommClientConfig commClientCfg = {
             .transport_cb      = posixTransportTcpCb,
             .transport_context = (void*)posixTransportTcpCtx,
             .transport_config  = (void*)posixTransportTcpCfg,
             .client_id         = 123, /* unique client identifier */
};

/* Subsequent steps remain the same... */
```

Note that the echo request in step 6 is just a simple usage example. Once the connection to the server is set up, any of the client APIs are available for use.

## Basic Server Configuration

> *Note: A wolfHSM port comes with a referenc
> e server application that is already configured to run on the HSM core and so manual server configuration is not required.*

Reviewer: spurious newline
```suggestion
*Note: A wolfHSM port comes with a reference server application that is already configured to run on the HSM core and so manual server configuration is not required.*
```

    2. Allocate and initialize a comm server configuration structure using the transport configuration from step 1.1
2. Initialize the server NVM context
    1. Allocate and initialize a config, context, and callback structure for the low-level flash storage drivers (the implementation of these structures is provided by the port)
    2. Allocate and initialize an NVM flash config, context, and callback strucure and bind the port flash configuration from step 2.1 to them
    3. Allocate an NVM context structure and initialize it with the configuration from step 2.2 using `wh_Nvm_Init()`
3.  Allocate and initialize a crypto context structure for the server
4. Initialize wolfCrypt (before initializing the server)
5. Allocate and initialize a server config structure and bind the comm server configuration, NVM context, and crypto context to it
6. Allocate a server context structure and initialize it with the server configuration using `wh_Server_Init()`
7. Set the server connection state to connected using `wh_Server_SetConnected()` when the underlying transport is ready to be used for client communication (see [TODO](todo) for more information)

> 8. Process client requests using `wh_Server_HandleRequestMessage()`

Reviewer: weird - the nested bullets are rendered as 1.a, 1.b, 1.c, despite them being written as 1.1, 1.2, 1.3. So referring to "step 1.1" in the text is broken
